---
title: "Look Back At 2016 – Event Game Hire Highlights | Fun Pro UK"
date: 2017-01-01
author: "team/liz.md"
meta_title: "Look Back At 2016 – Event Game Hire Highlights | Fun Pro UK"
meta_description: "Look Back At 2016 – Event Game Hire Highlights | Fun Pro UK - Fun Pro UK provide the best Exhibition and Game Hire service in Nationwide, offering a wide range of event equipment. Contact us today!"
redirect_from:
  - "/news/2017-01-01/look-back-at-2016/"
---

# 01 January 17 - Look back at 2016!

Wow it is 2017! Perfect Snap would like to wish all of our customers a Happy New Year.  
We had a fabulous 2016 and were non stop meeting lots of our fantastic customers, bringing our [green screen dream machine photobooths](/products/green-screen-photo-booths/#content) to your weddings and birthday parties, not to mention the many [corporate events](/locations/birmingham/corporate-event-hire/#content) we were invited to with our Magic Mirrors.  
  
Our [Magic Selfie Mirrors](/products/magic-mirror/#content) proved to be a very popular addition this year. Whether it was the voice of Donkey from Shrek as the chosen voice over, or the brand new Austin Powers theme you really cant beat an interactive talking mirror at your event!  
  
We attended some beautiful venues in 2016, from The Hilton Hotels various sites in the West Midlands to The City Rooms in Leicester. The Nec Group in the heart of Birmingham to the [Dunchurch Hotel in Rugby](/delivery-areas/#content). Perfect Snap were also guests at a few wedding shows. We had a fabulous time at Ansty Hall Hotel, Brownsover Hall Hotel, Dunchurch Park Hotel, Woodside Hotel to name but a few  
  
2016 also brought us some fabulous reviews from our clients. [Five star reviews](/testimonials/#content) are really something for us to talk about! Our clients are great at giving us feedback on the wonderful service we provide, from our staff being polite, friendly and courteous from their initial contact to the professionalism and care shown on the date of the event  
  
There are lots of plans for 2017 for Perfect Snap. Our diary is filling up already. We have bookings for weddings throughout the year and even into 2018! So, If you require a Photobooth or a Magic Mirror for your event in 2017 book now with Perfect Snap for an event you wont forget!

[<< Return to news](/news/#content)

## What our customers are saying…

[Load More Reviews](/testimonials/#content)

Happy customers we have worked along side